# ShoppingBasket
Gofer List is the final assessed project for the Design and Develop and iOS App course with RIMT University Online. The course offers a weather app for the final project but I decided to bring my own idea and built it from the initial wireframe and workflow through to the finished product. The assignment received full marks in the final assessment. The app is an organiser that offers the user a shopping list, shop finder using Google Places API and a to-do list.

Designing the app began with a short presentation of the profile of the kinds of users I imagine would use my app and the kinds of features I would like it to have. I then created a wire framework and workflow using Figma to solidify what my MVP will be and get approval from my course mentor. Once it was finally time to start coding I began with ensuring my constraints and UI were solid before adding code for each of the different features I planned to include in the app.

There were many challenges building this app and it really solidified my understanding of table view controllers and working with segues. For me, I think the biggest challenge to overcome was the Google Places API as it was different to what was in the material provided by the course and it was my first time interacting with the API framework and cocoapods. Through this experience I learned a lot about using URLs to call the type of data you need and debugging my own code as sometimes the errors displayed were quite ambiguous. TEST REGULARLY!

If I was to do something different in the future I think I might consider using alerts to enter data into my table view controller instead of a seperate view controller and segue as this might provide a simpler aesthetic. In the future I'd like to add a colour scheme to the app and additional features such as a photo upload function for each item in the table view controller.
